<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>Chapter One</title>
    <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../styles/reader-test.css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <section id="chapter-one">
      <h1 id="chapter-one-heading">Chapter One: Stable Opening</h1>
      <p id="opening-paragraph">This EPUB is intentionally plain so Android UI tests can rely on stable text, stable IDs, and stable chapter order.</p>
      <p id="position-target-alpha"><span class="target">POSITION_TARGET_ALPHA</span> appears near the start of chapter one. Use this marker for first-position and restore-position checks.</p>
      <p id="highlight-target-bravo"><span class="target">HIGHLIGHT_TARGET_BRAVO</span> is a short highlight target. It is surrounded by ordinary words so selection handles have context.</p>
      <p id="cfi-target-charlie"><span class="target">CFI_TARGET_CHARLIE</span> sits inside a paragraph with a fixed element id. It can be used for CFI and locator assertions.</p>
      <p id="chapter-one-filler-01">Chapter one filler paragraph 01 keeps the document tall enough for scroll and pagination tests.</p>
      <p id="chapter-one-filler-02">Chapter one filler paragraph 02 keeps the document tall enough for scroll and pagination tests.</p>
      <p id="chapter-one-filler-03">Chapter one filler paragraph 03 keeps the document tall enough for scroll and pagination tests.</p>
      <p id="chapter-one-filler-04">Chapter one filler paragraph 04 keeps the document tall enough for scroll and pagination tests.</p>
      <p id="chapter-one-filler-05">Chapter one filler paragraph 05 keeps the document tall enough for scroll and pagination tests.</p>
      <p id="chapter-one-filler-06">Chapter one filler paragraph 06 keeps the document tall enough for scroll and pagination tests.</p>
      <p id="chapter-one-filler-07">Chapter one filler paragraph 07 keeps the document tall enough for scroll and pagination tests.</p>
      <p id="chapter-one-filler-08">Chapter one filler paragraph 08 keeps the document tall enough for scroll and pagination tests.</p>
      <p id="chapter-one-end">END_OF_CHAPTER_ONE_MARKER</p>
    </section>
  </body>
</html>
