<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
  <head>
    <title>Chapter Two</title>
    <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="../styles/reader-test.css"/>
  </head>
  <body>
    <section id="chapter-two">
      <h1 id="chapter-two-heading">Chapter Two: Search And Bookmarks</h1>
      <p id="search-target-delta"><span class="target">SEARCH_TARGET_DELTA</span> appears exactly once in the book. Use it for search result navigation.</p>
      <p id="bookmark-target-echo"><span class="target">BOOKMARK_TARGET_ECHO</span> is positioned near the top of chapter two for bookmark add, list, and return flows.</p>
      <p id="position-target-foxtrot"><span class="target">POSITION_TARGET_FOXTROT</span> is lower in chapter two and is useful for persistence tests after a chapter change.</p>
      <p id="chapter-two-filler-01">Chapter two filler paragraph 01 provides enough height for gesture based navigation.</p>
      <p id="chapter-two-filler-02">Chapter two filler paragraph 02 provides enough height for gesture based navigation.</p>
      <p id="chapter-two-filler-03">Chapter two filler paragraph 03 provides enough height for gesture based navigation.</p>
      <p id="chapter-two-filler-04">Chapter two filler paragraph 04 provides enough height for gesture based navigation.</p>
      <p id="chapter-two-filler-05">Chapter two filler paragraph 05 provides enough height for gesture based navigation.</p>
      <p id="chapter-two-filler-06">Chapter two filler paragraph 06 provides enough height for gesture based navigation.</p>
      <p id="chapter-two-filler-07">Chapter two filler paragraph 07 provides enough height for gesture based navigation.</p>
      <p id="chapter-two-filler-08">Chapter two filler paragraph 08 provides enough height for gesture based navigation.</p>
      <p id="chapter-two-end">END_OF_CHAPTER_TWO_MARKER</p>
    </section>
  </body>
</html>
